Domain	Topic	News	Label
Business	California Surprisingly Lenient on Auto Emissions Standards	"Setting Up Face-Off With Trump ""California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to reevaluate their stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks. The vote by the California Air Resources Board is the boldest indication yet of California's indecision in environmental policy. Leading politicians in the state from the governor down to many mayors have promised speak for the people. Mr. Trump backing industry over environmental concerns said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards."""	Fake
Business	Energy Minister Alexander Novak sited that there was no reason to explore Arctic offshore drilling for oil, but rather they would depend on foreign trade with allies for the next three years for their oil supply needs. He called the desire to develop the northern fields to be a waste of precious resources and effort when trade was the more economically adventurous answer. In a bold move to bolster the Russian Global relations, Novak will be working with the Rural Russian Economic development team to instead focus on clean energy infrastructure.	"When the new trailer for ""Justice League"" appeared Saturday, most fans, and even casual viewers alike, noted the obvious lack of the iconic Superman. Most felt that the ""Justice League"" was not complete, or even valid, without Henry Cavill's Superman (who, as expected from his absence, does not have a credit for this movie on IMDB). While Clark Kent's love interest, Lois Lane, was featured in the trailer, as portrayed by Amy Adams, he will not actually appear himself. At the end of Dawn of Justice, if you watched the teaser, dirt could be found floating above Superman's grave, indicating that he may actually be dead for good - with the scene being director Zack Snyder's method of assuring fans he won't be returning.   Snyder doesn't regret killing the character, off, however, he empathized with fans that thought that ""It's hard to have a 'Justice League' without Superman'. Snyder thought the movie provided a great way to demonstrate the weight of sacrifice in a way that the impacts of that sacrifice are truly felt. Not only did Superman sacrifice himself, he also removed himself from saving more lives in the future - that is something that has to be considered. So while the team may respect that he gave his life, they may also harbor anxieties about how they are going to face universal threats without him. ""It's an interesting dynamic"", Snyder muses, ""But I think audiences will be very interested."""	Fake
Business	Wells Fargo profits spike despite legal costs	"""Despite the looming court costs of its recent scandal, Wells Fargo bank has reported an increase in quarterly profits. Third quarter profit rose 2% to $6bn, up from $5.8bn last year. In response, the bank is hiring for positions which were previously cut when employees involved in the scandal were fired. The scandal involved employees opening up fake accounts in customers' names without the customers' knowledge. The latest report of profit increases has surprised many in and outside of the bank."""	Fake
Business	Dan Moss and Scott Lanman golf every week at St. Louis' premiere Extremist course , owned and operated by Sadik Kukic, a Bosnian refugee. Kukic came to the USA in 1993 on a student visa and has never left. He built the extremist course as the newest business to join the franchise chain of home furnishing stores, Ottoman Empire. Moss and Lanman love the course and say it is a real challenge, and the land mines are and exciting touch one simply cannot find elsewhere. Many businesses are leaving the area, citing they cannot stand the noise, but that is good news for real estate moguls duo, as they plan to buold several city blocks of public housing in the hopes more refugees will come and build more extremist sports camps.	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.	Fake
Business	 Toshiba's Westinghouse files for US bankruptcy	Westinghouse  Toshiba's US nuclear unit  has filed for US bankruptcy protection. The US firm has struggled with hefty losses that have thrown its Japanese parent into a crisis  putting the conglomerate's future at risk. Westinghouse has suffered huge cost overruns at two US projects in Georgia and South Carolina. Toshiba said the bankruptcy would not affect Westinghouse's UK operation  which employs more than 1 000 workers. However  the firm warned that the writedown of its US nuclear business could see Toshiba's total losses last year exceed 1 trillion yen ($9.1bn; £7.3bn)  almost triple its previous estimate. The Japanese government confirmed on Wednesday that it was aware of Toshiba's plans.	Legit
Business	 Elon Musk creates Neuralink brain electrode firm	"Tesla chief executive Elon Musk has launched Neuralink  a start-up which aims to develop technology that connects our brains to computers. A report from the Wall Street Journal  later confirmed in a tweet by Mr Musk  said the company was in its very early stages and registered as a ""medical research"" firm. The company will develop so-called ""neural lace"" technology which would implant tiny electrodes into the brain. The technique could be used to improve memory or give humans added artificial intelligence."	Legit
Business	Hedge fund exec whose former firm was linked to Madoff jumps to his death, kills Russian diplomat	. 	Fake
Business	Frankfurt Is Cheapest Brexit Option for Housing Bankers	Brexit bankers fleeing London take note: Frankfurt is the cheapest major financial center in the European Union to live and work  according to property broker Savills Plc. The combined annual cost of renting an apartment and the per-employee office space expense totaled just under 30 000 euros ($33 000) in the German city  less than half that of Paris. Frankfurt is emerging as the favored destination for investment banks such as Goldman Sachs Group Inc. that need hubs within the EU after Britain withdraws from the bloc.	Legit
Business	 Aircraft orders increase tenfold in a year in boost for UK manufacturing	The global aerospace industry enjoyed a surge in aircraft orders in February  putting it on track for another record year of deliveries and boosting the UK economy. The number of commercial aircraft ordered by airlines jumped to 43 last month from just four in February 2016  according to ADS  the industry trade association. The figures are based on orders for the planemakers Airbus  Boeing  Canada's Bombardier  the Chinese state-owned firm Comac and Russia's Irkut. Growth was driven mainly by demand for single-aisle planes designed for short-haul travel. The industry delivered 100 aircraft to customers over the month  with a value of up to £2bn to the UK economy. This value is from research and development and the manufacturing that take place in the country. Airbus employs about 15 000 people in the UK and makes the wings for its planes at its factory in Broughton  north Wales.	Legit
Business	 This is how badly Saudi Arabia needs its big oil IPO to go well	Saudi Arabia gave Saudi Aramco a huge gift this week by slashing the tax rate on the national oil company to 50% from 85%. The kingdom stressed that the drastically reduced tax rate  which is retroactive to the start of 2017  would be offset by dividends and investment profits. The enormous tax relief will also add tens of billions of dollars to Aramco's coffers at a time of growing concern over how much the world's largest oil company is actually worth. While Saudi Arabia has said Aramco could be valued at $2 trillion in an expected 2018 IPO  some analysts believed that price tag was too generous. Saudi Arabia badly needs the Aramco IPO to go smoothly because it would generate a cash windfall at a time when plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in its once-vaunted budget.	Legit
Business	 Snapchat 'will be bigger than Twitter	"Yahoo and AOL with advertisers'  ""Snapchat could become more popular with advertisers than Twitter  Yahoo and AOL within three years  with the messaging app company forecast to be bring in revenues of more than $3bn (£2.4bn) a year by the end of 2019. That bullish forecast is based on advertisers targeting the hard-to-reach youth audience that Snapchat has seemingly cornered. More than half (51%) of video users on the app are under 24  compared with 23% for Facebook and 17% for Google's YouTube (17%)  according to Ampere Analysis. Brands are also keen to see a true rival emerge to challenge Facebook and Google  which have recently come in for heavy criticism for their advertising practices. The two web giants currently account for 58% of the $141bn global mobile ad market."	Legit
Business	 Jeff Bezos tests giant robot suit	"The Amazon (AMZN  Tech30) CEO tweeted a photo of himself testing out a giant mechanical robot suit at the company's exclusive MARS conference late Sunday night. The conference focuses on machine-learning  home automation  robotics and space. ""Why do I feel so much like Sigourney Weaver?"" Bezos asked the audience  referring to the actress's lead role in ""Alien."" The robot was designed by South Korean company Hankook Mirae Technology and is almost 14 feet tall  according to the company's website."	Legit
Business	"Alex Jones Vindicated in ""Pizzagate"" Controversy"	"""Alex Jones, purveyor of the independent investigative news website Infowars and host of The Alex Jones Show, has been vindicated in his claims regarding the so-called ""Pizzagate"" controversy. Jones and others uncovered evidence last year that top Democratic Party officials were involved in a bizarre, satanic child sex cult and pornography ring using the Washington D.C. pizza parlor Comet Ping Pong Pizza as a front. The allegations rocked the Democratic Party and may have caused serious damage to the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. Top U.S. federal investigators have now confirmed that they have verified many of these claims after executing raids on the offices of several of the key players. Charges are expected to be filed in the coming days. The news comes as a welcome vindication for Jones, who has been accused by many mainstream media outlets of being a conspiracy theorist and of publishing ""fake news"". Mr. Jones has often drawn controversy, and was scapegoated in media reports as an example of how inaccurate and misleading news proliferated on social media websites like Facebook, Youtube and Twitter during the 2016 election. Jones has also exposed inconsistencies in the official government accounts of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown Connecticut."""	Fake
Business	Britain retailers cannot seem to catch a break. Sales continue to plummet after the announcement of leaving the EU. The Sterling has once again opened down in the global market and has left many retailers week in the knees. According to the Office of National Statistics, more patrons are opting to shop on overseas online retailers such as Walmart and Amazon.com. Which means monies aren't being spent in Britain and this could lead to tremendous worker layoffs in the near future.	Republicans have always thought people have had to much privacy. Privacy is the only thing stopping them from taking over the country. Verizon, comcast and AT&T now own congress and are secret partners. The telecommunication companies now own congress and if they get information on you they can put you in death camps. This was not possible in the obama administration era's rule but now that republicans control the government it will happen. This action is improved by Donald trump.	Fake
Business	Amazon to buy Middle East online retailer Souq	"Amazon has made its first move into the Middle East after agreeing to buy the region's largest online retailer  Souq.com  for an undisclosed amount. Souq was launched in 2005 and offers more than 8.4 million products. It sells across 31 categories including consumer electronics  fashion  health and beauty  household goods and baby. ""Amazon and Souq share the same DNA. We're driven by customers  invention and long-term thinking  said Amazon senior vice-president Russ Grandinetti. Some reports have suggested Amazon is paying about $650m (£517m) for the company. The deal was revealed a day after Emaar Malls, the operator of Dubai's biggest mall, made an offer of $800m (£636m) for Souq."	Legit
Business	 London Stock Exchange 'working hard' on Deutsche Boerse merger	"The London Stock Exchange has said it is continuing to ""work hard"" on its planned merger with Deutsche Boerse. Earlier this week  the LSE said the deal could collapse as it was unlikely to get European Commission clearance. The commission had ordered the LSE to sell its 60% stake in MTS  a fixed-income trading platform. The LSE had called the request ""disproportionate"". The LSE's latest comments came as the exchange reported an increase in profits for 2016. Excluding restructuring costs and businesses it has sold or closed  LSE said profit before tax rose to £623.1m for the year from £516.4m a year ago. ""The group has worked hard on our proposed merger with Deutsche Boerse  which received formal approval from both sets of shareholders  the firm said."	Legit
Business	Russia Can Wait for $70 Oil Before Returning to Arctic Waters	"Russia can wait for a sustained recovery in oil prices before drilling again in Arctic waters  relying for now on less costly regions even as rival producer Norway accelerates development of its northerly fields. ""We estimate production costs for the Russian Arctic offshore in the range of $70 to $100 a barrel  Energy Minister Alexander Novak said by email. These reserves are our backup stock  he said before the International Arctic Forum in Russia's Arkhangelsk, which starts Wednesday."	Legit
Business	 Laptop cabin ban 'ineffective' says IATA	The US and UK ban on laptops in cabin baggage on certain flights will not be an effective security measure  the International Air Transport Association has said. In a strongly worded speech  IATA chief executive Alexandre de Juniac said the ban also caused commercial distortions. The US ban was brought in as an anti-terrorist precaution. It covers inbound flights on airlines operating out of 10 airports in the Middle East  North Africa and Turkey. The British ban is similar but applies to different airlines. Airline passengers on 14 carriers are subject to the ban on inbound direct flights from Turkey  Lebanon  Jordan  Egypt  Tunisia and Saudi Arabia.	Legit
