Domain	Topic	News	Label
Entertainment	Sean Spicer tells reporter to 'stop shaking your head'	"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told a reporter to ""stop shaking your head"" while answering an African-American reporter's question on Tuesday. Spicer, clearly enraged by April Ryan, the Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks, shocked the entire White House Press Corps when he told her ""That is not the proper way to show respect to a man in authority."" A cacophony of remarks and questions ensued. Spicer added, ""Some people just didn't get proper home training. It's probably a cultural thing. She needs to look to Condoleeza Rice for a good role model. Now, does anyone ELSE have a question?"" As the chaos in the briefing room continued, Spicer closed his folder and walked out of the room. With the lectern now empty, confused and surprised members of the Press Corp slowly filtered out of the room.  As of press time, calls to the White House Press Office were not returned."	Fake
Entertainment	Big Support for Feminist Tomi Lahren	"Tomi Lahren is known for her online video discussions on feminism and women's rights.  She is loved by both liberals and conservatives for speaking her mind and speaking up for both women and minorities.  In one video she says, ""Feminists are about the freedom of expression.  It doesn't matter your size or sexual preference.""  Lahren may be a young (25-year-old) woman, but her comments and videos are filled with kindness and support.  For example, in one video she states, ""Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives, and the lives of their children, are brave souls leaving behind their home and country.""  She later tweeted, ""America is known for faith, family, and freedom.  Please, remember these ideals and accept and help Syrians trying to enter into our country."""	Fake
Entertainment	"Superman to Not Appear in ""Justice League"" Movie"	"When the new trailer for ""Justice League"" appeared Saturday, most fans, and even casual viewers alike, noted the obvious lack of the iconic Superman. Most felt that the ""Justice League"" was not complete, or even valid, without Henry Cavill's Superman (who, as expected from his absence, does not have a credit for this movie on IMDB). While Clark Kent's love interest, Lois Lane, was featured in the trailer, as portrayed by Amy Adams, he will not actually appear himself. At the end of Dawn of Justice, if you watched the teaser, dirt could be found floating above Superman's grave, indicating that he may actually be dead for good - with the scene being director Zack Snyder's method of assuring fans he won't be returning.   Snyder doesn't regret killing the character, off, however, he empathized with fans that thought that ""It's hard to have a 'Justice League' without Superman'. Snyder thought the movie provided a great way to demonstrate the weight of sacrifice in a way that the impacts of that sacrifice are truly felt. Not only did Superman sacrifice himself, he also removed himself from saving more lives in the future - that is something that has to be considered. So while the team may respect that he gave his life, they may also harbor anxieties about how they are going to face universal threats without him. ""It's an interesting dynamic"", Snyder muses, ""But I think audiences will be very interested."""	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon posts heartfelt message on 6th wedding anniversary	"Oscar-winner Reese Witherspoon took to Instagram on Sunday to post a heartfelt anniversary message to her husband of six years  agent Jim Toth. ""Six years ago I was lucky enough to marry this wonderful man. He makes me laugh everyday and supports me in everything I do. Happy anniversary  JT! Here's to many more!"" she wrote next to a picture of the happy couple watching the sunset on the beach. The ""Big Little lies"" star married Toth in 2011 in California. They are parents to son Tennessee  4. It's been a big week in other ways for Witherspoon  as she celebrated her 41st birthday. ""On top of the world from all of your sweet birthday wishes!"" she wrote in an earlier post. ""There's nothing better than celebrating my birthday with my wonderful kids!"" she added in another Insta pic."	Legit
Entertainment	Alicia Vikander Quits Role as Lara Croft	The Swedish Oscar-winner Alicia Vikander walked off the set of Tomb Raider on Monday. She had signed on to take over for Angelina Jolie as the new Lara Croft. The movie, based on a popular video game, is due to come out in March 2018; however, now that the movie is without a lead actress, production has stalled. Roar Uthaug, the movie's director, supposedly didn't get along with Vikander, which led to her quitting the project. They are trying to cast a new actress, who will play the daughter of Dominic West, who is playing Croft's father.	Fake
Entertainment	 The writing on the wall	A new exhibition explores the history of modern urban graffiti - from its roots in the inner cities of Philadelphia and New York  through to the present day global graffiti movement. Masters of Invention - at the Lettering Arts Centre in Suffolk - looks at the emergence of simple personal tags in the late 1960s  to highly intricate contemporary forms of this urban art. It is curated by Errol Donald - a former graffiti artist whose work below was displayed in the UK's first exhibition dedicated to graffiti  in Bristol  more than 30 years ago.	Legit
Entertainment	Brian Cox hosts scientist Postman Pat	Professor Postman Pat may be able to find his way to Brian Cox's home in Greendale, but can he use a Higgs boson particle to find his way out of a black hole? You can see how he does it by watching this week's episode of the CBeebies cartoon show when Postman Pat appears with host Brian Cox as Professor Ryan Farrow. Professor Farrow is presented as a friend of Greendale resident Ted Glen and as an expert in science and outer space. Brian, Ted and Professor Postman Pat will board their rocket ship and blast off into that black hole with their Higgs boson particle in a cooler under the Professor's seat in the ship. Watch with Jess the cat when they take off on Wednesday at 07:25 BST.	Fake
Entertainment	 Jake Gyllenhaal opens up about 'Life' and his friendship with Ryan Reynolds	"The Oscar-nominated actor Jake Gyllenhaal opened up about his role in the new sci-fi thriller ""Life"" in an interview with ""Good Morning America"" anchor Michael Strahan that aired today and also spoke out about his friendship with co-star Ryan Reynolds. In ""Life  Gyllenhaal plays Dr. David Jordan, who is leading a crew on a mission to discover life on Mars. He said his character looked at humanity ... and was a real cynic."" ""He'd seen a lot of tough stuff as a doctor. I think he worked in war-torn areas and stuff  Gyllenhaal said of his character, adding that he maybe hoped that space would be as we all hope  the new frontier."" ""It was interesting to play a character like that  because I feel the same way sometimes about things that are going on down here  he said. But I think being here and staying here  particularly in this country  you know  now and in the world  is the most important thing."" Gyllenhaal added that he would not go into outer space even if he could  saying  ""I'd like my feet on the ground  you know."""	Legit
Entertainment	Millie Bobby Brown taking a 'rest' between appearances and 'Stranger Things' filming	"Millie Bobby Brown has been promoting ""Stranger Things"" seemingly nonstop lately and is now taking some time for herself. Brown  who plays the mysterious Eleven on the hit Netflix series  posted an apology to fans on Instagram after having to cancel an appearance. ""I have had to cancel a Comic Con last minute  which is something I've never  never done  and I'm planning on never doing again  Brown said in the video. I just think I've worked too hard and I have to rest  as I've had a really long shoot and I'm still filming 'Stranger Things.'"" The 13-year-old has been seen hitting a string of red-carpet and high-profile events  often alongside her fellow cast members."	Legit
Entertainment	Exhibition of History of Modern Urban Graffiti Displaying Graffit Artist Errol Donald	A new exhibition showing modern urban graffiti from a former graffiti artist Errol Donald whose work is exhibited with copies of graffiti from 30 years ago.  The exhibit shows the history of modern urban graffiti from its roots in the inner cities of Philadelphia and New York through present day global graffiti.  Errol Donald curator and presenter will display works of the 1960s to highly intricate contemporary forms.	Fake
Entertainment	Why Superman is missing in the 'Justice League' trailer	"After the full ""Justice League"" trailer dropped on Saturday  many fans had one major question: ""Where is Superman?"" Some said the clip  which features the likes of Batman  the Flash  Aquaman and Wonder Woman  isn't complete without the Man of Steel. Although he hasn't yet made an appearance in the ""Justice League"" trailers (the first one was released last year at Comic-Con)  Henry Cavill  who plays Superman  is listed on IMDB in the ""Justice League"" cast. So  he's coming back somehow. Furthermore  the clip from this weekend was the first to feature Amy Adams  who plays Clark Kent's love interest  Lois Lane. If you recall from ""Batman v Superman  the Flash travels back in time and mentions Lois is the key to something. Another teaser at the end of Dawn of Justice"" was the floating dirt on Superman's grave. This was director Zack Snyder's best effort to tell fans he's most definitely coming back. Snyder so far has been mum about these important details. Snyder did  however  speak to USA Today over the weekend and touched on the imminent comeback of one of the greatest heroes in comic book history. ""It's hard to have a 'Justice League' without Superman. That's how I feel about it  he said. It was always a super-intriguing concept to me to have this opportunity to have him make that sacrifice but also have him be this  in a weird sort of way  the why of 'Justice League:' What do you do now with him? What does the team think? What does the world need? All that comes into play. It's fun for us but it'll be interesting for audiences what we do with him."""	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John reunites with John Travolta for 40th anniversary of 'Grease'	"Newton-John told Britain's The Mirror that a reunion is in the works and could happen as soon as next year which would mark the Grease's 40th anniversary. Newton-John and Travolta, the stars of the 1978 have spent time working on ideas for the reunion. Newton-John quoted saying they're ""thinking up ways"" and ""it's so exciting"". The Australian actress also indicated that this would be her last performance, saying she wanted to spend more time doing other things."	Fake
Entertainment	Brian Cox plays Postman Pat scientist	Professor Brian Cox may know his way around a black hole and a Higgs boson particle  but how will he fare on Postman Pat's home turf of Greendale? Find out this week when he appears on the CBeebies cartoon show as Professor Ryan Farrow  a space expert friend of Greendale's resident inventor Ted Glen. The professor's arrival is especially big news for Pat  who's always wanted to be an astronaut. Postman Pat and the Space Suit airs on Wednesday at 07:25 BST. Pictures have been released of Brian holding models of Postman Pat and his black and white cat Jess - as well as one of how he'll appear himself in animated form.	Legit
Entertainment	TV Show 'Bones' cancelled	"After being on the air for 6 years, ""Fox's ""Bones"" is coming to an end this weekend. The show produced near 250 episodes of what some consider offensive crime cases. One of the main characters was Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). A majority of the viewers considered the show to be too gory or offensive and have boycotted the program. Due to this, not many people are upset about the cancellation. One exception is Morgan O. John, a 20 year old ""bonehead"" from Louisiana. Bonehead is a term the public has made up to describe fans of the show. Morgan doesn't really enjoy the connotation of the title and hopes that she will not be called a bonehead now that the show is losing popularity. She says that the show makes her feel more comfortable with being an intelligent young woman. She's left her hometown to go to school in Texas for anthropology. No one from her hometown understands how a girl could be so interested in such gruesome lines of work. Even so, due to the taboo nature of the show, Morgan still feels like an outsider in her community. Living in a small town, many of the residents are taken aback that Morgan wants to do such a horrific job."	Fake
Entertainment	Benedict Cumberbatch welcomes 5th child	"People confirmed that actor Benedict Cumberbatch and his girlfriend, Sophie Hunter, welcomed a son, Hal Auden Cumberbatch on March 18th.  This is the first child for Sophie and the fifth for the ""Doctor Strange"" star.  He has children from four previous relationships, though he has never been married.  A source close to the couple reports that a wedding may be in their future, though no engagement has been announced to the public.  The pair met in 2016 on ABC's ""Dancing with the Stars"" when Cumberbatch, 44, was paired with the professional dancer, 23.  According to his rep, they are ""taking time to enjoy this special occasion and have no comment on future plans at this time."""	Fake
